fix typo (#4496)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/authentication.adoc

. (Optional) Fill in the Test username and Test password fields with a test email and password for an LDAP user you want to test. This is a 3rd party infrastructure and this test option is not always reliable.
. Save the settings.

=== Known Issue: Grant Admin Access to User

> Admin access should be granted to the first user accessing a CircleCI Server installation. Currently, there is a known issue preventing this from happening when LDAP authentication is in use.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are using LDAP authentication, use one of the following methods to grant admin privileges to a user. Admin privileges should be automatically granted to the first user accessing a project, but currently there is a known issue preventing this from happening when LDAP authentication is in use.
```
